-: Welcome back.
In this step we are going to deploy all the cube manifests
and then verify for our network load balancer.
So let's go back to our terminal here
and we will enter the section 19 ELB network load balancers.
And inside that we'll go
inside 1901 LBC, NLB basics, right?
And inside this, if you say LS, LRT and cube manifest
you'll find the zero one and then zero two related engines
app three deployment and LBC and LB load balancer service.
I'll say clear
and I'll say cube CTL apply hyphen F cube manifest.
So this should create the app three related deployment
and also a Kubernetes service of type load balancer.
So let's wait for it to get created.
So you can see app three engineers deployment is created
and basics LBC network LB is created.
So now let's come back here and verify the ports at services
and also verify the load balancer controller logs.
So I'll say cube CTL get ports
and this should provide us
the app three related engines deployment port
which is running one by one already.
And we will also see here cube CTL get SVC which is services
in our Kubernetes cluster
of default name space and you can find it here.
Basics LBC network LB is created
of type load balancer and this is the cluster IP of it
and it's external IP is nothing
but the DNS name of our network load balancer.
And it created its port 80 for the external
and for the node port service it is using the 31751
as the port.
So now let's come back here
and verify the AWS load balancer controller port lock.
So why do we need to do that?
To see that this Kubernetes service related logs
were presented there.
So which very clearly says that this Kubernetes service
is reconciled or associated
with this respective load balancer controller.
So you have user the external so that
this respective to service whatever we have deployed, right?
So this should be associated or reconciled
with this respective latest load balancer controller
so that we can go there and then verify the same things.
So cube CTL hyphen cube system and get parts will provide
the ports present from our cube system name space.
And there you'll find AWS load balancer controller related
ports.
Soil copy this one, right. Copy.
And I'll say cube CTL hyphen N
from cube system name space logs hyphen F
and this respective load balancer controller related port
and let's wait for the locks to display
and anywhere if you find right.
So this name right?
So this is the name we have which is:
"basics LBC network LB".
A little bit of that if you find also you can understand
that it is related to the same thing.
See basics LB and you can also find a few things
if you go up, you can find in detail here.
See basics LBC network LB.
So creating a listener of port 80,
basics LBC network LB and created listener.
And like this you can see all the things
with the reference as basics LBC network LB
whatever you have defined as the name here.
So which very clearly states
that our load balancer,
whatever you have deployed or our Kubernetes service
whatever you have deployed to create
a network load balancer now is reconciled
with AWS load balancer controller latest.
So now let's go back
to our AWS management console and go to EC2 here, right?
And in EC2 go to load balancers, right?
And in load balances you can see basics LBC network LB
and this is the DNS name.
So this DNS name whatever we are seeing, right?
So some 129, some something, something right?
EF4 is the end.
So this should match our cube CTL.
Get SVC here, the output from the get SVC.
So let's here basics LBC network
LB 129 starting with and EF4 ending with.
So here also you'll find the same thing, right?
So this matches. So this is good.
So now let's go to the listeners here
or additional things if you want to verify
this is a network load balancer you can see here
or you can even find here, type is network.
And you can see here the scheme is internet facing
whatever we have provided
and it pick the two availability zones
and there in two subnets US east one year and one B
it created this network load balancer
and additional attributes we didn't provide.
So all are in the disabled state.
So now let's come back to listeners.
And in listeners you can see the port 80 listener is created
and if you want you can click on this and then edit
and then see the things.
So TCP protocol and port 80 and it is forwarding the things
to the default target group it has created
and that target group it is forwarding the request to.
So now we can go there and also verify the target group
from here or you can go to target groups here
and open the target group.
So this port 31751 you can see right?
So this one should match the 31751 here.
So this is the node port right?
So here inside this one
if you see the worker nodes should be registered here.
So two instance IDs, so two private nodes
whatever it has created as part of EKS private node group.
So you can also see from instances here.
So if you open the instances, right
so you'll find those two instances zero DF
and then 826 0DF and then
58.26.826.
So those instances were registered with node port 31751
and it is waiting for the health check to pass.
And health check whatever you have used is
slash index dot html with HTTP protocol.
So let's wait for it and once the health check is passed
which is nothing but your nodes, you are ready to test it.
The creation of your network load balancer usually takes
3 to 5 minutes sometimes.
So if you see here,
even in the network load balancer
also it is in the provisioning state.
So we should see this as active.
So we can see here our load balancer has been changing
the state from provisioning to active.
So let's go to target groups also.
Open the target group, right?
Let's come back here and refresh one more time,
refresh and open it and let's wait for these things
to complete.
So you can see here when I refresh here
so these are healthy now.
So the health check is passed and then we can access this.
So let's go to load balancers and you can access
by copying the DNS name from here
or you can go here and then copy the DNS name from here.
And this is simple engine app three
so that you can access your application directly
at the root context slash index dot html will be loaded
and you should see "welcome to stack simplify
Kubernetes fundamental demo application version V1".
So this is successful.
So now the next step here is to go ahead
and then delete the things and then clean up.
So we'll go here
and we'll say cube CTL, delete hyphen F,
and then cube manifests.
So this should delete our engines app related deployment
and also our basics LBC network LB related
Kubernetes load balancer service.
So let's come back here
and ensure that our network load balancer is deleted.
So this completes the network load balancer
related basics demo.
I'll see you in the next lecture
with another demo for network load balancer.
Until then, bye bye. Thank you.